Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, recently I have added another product, but currently I'm unable to scroll.
So in this lecture, we are going to resolve this.
Okay.
Now, to do this, we have to head back to Our Vinci Code and then the gallery directory.
And then you can see we have this gallery, right, main gallery.
And what we simply have to do is to get rid of this single child, scroll view a light and use control
and then remove this widgets.
Okay, now default.
The staggered grid view is going to have that single child scroll view.
Right.
So, Adam, it is like we are requesting for the opposite.
Now use control needs to save.
And we are then going to be able to screw this.
Okay.
Wait for this.
And you can see we are then able to scroll.
Right.
You can see defaults.
We have this scroll direction and default.
It is said to assist that vertical.
Right.
So we really do not need that single child scroll view because it is going to allow multiple widgets
or multiple products for sure.
So it has that single child scroll V already and you can see currently we are.
We are able to screw.
Right.
Okay.
And we are also going to do this for the store.
And this store, you can see.
Although here we are not able to scroll, so we have to head back to the store.
Screen, star screen.
And.
You can see it via.
We are.
Where?
Where are you?
Sorry, this is store.
We have that within the minor directory minus screen directory and this store and.
You can see we also have the single child view via, like I said, default.
The staggered grid view has the single child scroll view, right?
That is default by using the staggered grid view.
We are already going to be able to scroll.
So no need of adding the single child scroll view because what's the single child scroll view basically
do is it will enable the user being able to scroll that page.
Now like I said, the staggered grid view already have that functionality of that of the single child
scroll view.
So adding it again is more like telling it to do the opposite.
That is, we do not want to be able to scroll.
Okay, so now we have to alight and use control dots and remove this widgets.
It's unnecessary now.
Okay.
And hopefully I have no errors.
If you do, you can do well to let me know.
Okay.
You can see we are able to scroll now.
We also have to do that for the rest of the gallery.
Okay.
And back to the gallery screen.
Electronics.
And Via.
Remove this widget.
And use control.
Try to save and force use.
We move this widget.
Okay.
And for women.
And remove this we get.
Okay.
His content is safe.
And I think we also do need to satisfy.
Okay.
Now click on this and now we are able to scroll.
Click on this link and please, if you do have an error, please do also let me know and I'm fully available
to support you and answer all your questions.
And I think this is basically what we needed to do.
And now we can have lots of products and we won't have any issue with the scroll.
Okay, guys.